[Feature] Brand and organization variable configs (#181)
fivetran/dbt_zendesk: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_zendesk v0.19.2
[PR #181](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_zendesk/pull/181) includes the following updates:

## New Features

> - Introduced new config variables `using_brands` and `using_organizations` to allow the customers to enable and disable `brand` and `organization` source data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduced new config variables `using_brands` and `using_organizations` to allow  customers to enable and disable `brand` and `organization` source data, resulting in potential downstream impacts:
```

Author: Updated
